M0078DDG-341 Add chapter on NLS in Application Developer Guide (#102)
MicroEJ/docs: ApplicationDeveloperGuide/classpath.rst

-  Images and Fonts resources;

> -  Native Language Support resources, described in section :ref:`section.classpath.elements.nls`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Native Language Support (NLS) resources, described in section :ref:`section.classpath.elements.nls`;
```

-  ``myfont::2``: Embed all characters with 2 levels of transparency

.. _section.classpath.elements.nls:

Native Language Support
-----------------------

> Native Language Support allows the application to support internationalization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Native Language Support (NLS) allows the application to support internationalization.
```

Each label to be internationalized is referenced by a key, which can be 
used in the application code instead of using the label directly.

Labels must be defined in PO files in the MicroEJ Classpath of the application.
Here is an example:

::

   msgid ""
   msgstr ""
   "Language: en_US\n"
   "Language-Team: English\n"
   "MIME-Version: 1.0\n"
   "Content-Type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8\n"

   msgid "Label1"
   msgstr "My label 1"

   msgid "Label2"
   msgstr "My label 2"

These PO files have to be converted to be usable by the application.
In order to let the build system know which PO files to process, 
they must be referenced in MicroEJ Classpath ``*.nls.list`` files.
The file format of these ``*.nls.list`` files is a standard Java properties file.
Each line represents the Full Qualified Name of a Java interface that will be 
generated and used in the application. Here is an example, let's call it `i18n.nls.list`:

.. code-block:: properties

   com.mycompany.myapp.Labels
   com.mycompany.myapp.Messages

> For each line, PO files whose name starts with the interface name (`Messages` and `Labels` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each line, PO files whose name starts with the interface name (``Messages`` and ``Labels` `
```

in the example) are retrieved from the MicroEJ Classpath and used to generate:

> - a Java interface with the given FQN, containing a field for each `msgid` of the PO files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a Java interface with the given FQN, containing a field for each ``msgid`` of the PO files
```

- a NLS binary file containing the translations

> So, in the example, the generated interface `com.mycompany.myapp.Labels` will gather all the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So, in the example, the generated interface ``com.mycompany.myapp.Labels`` will gather all the 
```

> translations from files named `Labels*.po` and located in the MicroEJ Classpath.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
translations from files named ``Labels*.po`` and located in the MicroEJ Classpath.
```

> PO files are generally suffixed by their locale (`Labels_en_US.po`) but it is only for convenience

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PO files are generally suffixed by their locale (``Labels_en_US.po``) but it is only for convenience
```

since the suffix is not used, the locale is extracted from the PO file's metadata.

Once the generation is done, the application can use the Java interfaces to get internationalized 
labels, for example:

.. code-block:: java

   import com.mycompany.myapp.Labels;

   public class MyClass {

      String label = Labels.Label1;

      ...

> The generation is triggered when building the application, but also after any change done in PO or ``*.nls.list`` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generation is triggered when building the application or after a change done in any PO or ``*.nls.list`` files.
```

I'm not sure about my own suggested formulation.  But the `but` formulation puzzled me.
